# The Galactic Neighborhood

Welcome to the website for TGN.  
This website is meant to be usable instead of the [pdf-version][1] of the rules guide.

## Welcome to the Galaxy

Life is abundant in the galaxy. If you were to pick a random solar system, the odds of not finding life on one of its planets are astronomical. Magic is just as abundant, or at least, it used to be.  
Long ago, during the First Galactic Era, the galaxy's civilizations were interconnected using powerful magical gateways, artificers crafted and traded diverse magically-enchanted items, and any rare sword-wielding activists had no choice but to yield to mages.  
Then came the Blackout. There exists no explanation for the galaxy-wide rending of the very fabric of magic. Powerful mages were torn apart by their own greatest  tool. Mages that survived found their ability missing, misshapen, or uncontrollable. All but a small fraction of enchanted items were dispelled, often in violent or mysterious fashions. The portals that connected societies were destroyed, sectioning off the now ravaged galaxy into lone planets, broken, isolated, and forever changed.  
After many centuries, a time also referred to as the Blackout, societies reformed and rebuilt. Technology advanced without the support of magic. From swords to muskets to laser rifles, some civilizations have progressed their technology to almost rival the historical Pre-Blackout mage societies. Magic remains chaotic, violent, and near-impossible to fully control to this day, but it gave rise to the most crucial invention of the Post-Blackout era; magitek.  
Magitek is the careful science of using technology to harness magical power. These devices all come with their side effects and defects, but it has allowed the galaxy's civilizations to reconnect. Interplanetary ships are now equipped with warp engines, magitek machines that teleport the ships between solar systems. These ships allow merchants, tourists, explorers, and mercenaries alike to travel between the stars. While they can't connect the galaxy like it was before the Blackout, warp drives have ended the isolation that was once imposed on intelligent life.  
Now, in the Second Galactic Era, lifestyles of all varieties can be found in most places. Leaders and politicians deal and war across planetary and stellar boundaries. Pirates roam solar systems to take advantage of asteroid miners and travelers. Mercenaries hunt down monsters and people across the cosmos.  
The galaxy still isn't completely connected. Communication is limited to what travels with teleporting ships. There are still solar systems out there that host life who haven't had external contact. Additionally, with the billions of stars in the galaxy, there is no conceivable way for any single person, or even any single society, to know about everyone else. The galaxy has formed into subsections of solar systems that are connected by trade, politics, or culture. These subsections are labeled, by some, Galactic Neighborhoods.  
Few people ever venture out of their galactic neighborhood into the unknown, but those that do can find all manner of new life, sights, and dangers. For heroes, scoundrels, and all other galactic travelers, the stars are just the next step in the adventure of a lifetime.

[1]: <1.02 The Galactic Neighborhood.pdf>